be right so John Wheeler has said behind
it all is surely an idea so simple so
beautiful that when we grasp it in a
decade a century or a millennium
we will all say to each other how could
it have been otherwise
so the wheeler quote I think can be
interpreted in one of two ways
either he's seeking a foundation or or
perhaps even um some kind of certainty
or on the other hand he's seeking a
fundamental Theory and I think he's
seeking a fundamental Theory
but there's a misunderstanding I think
at times between what people who are
interested in fundamental ideas are
doing
and what people who are interested in
final theories are seeking
there's there's a huge difference a
fundamental theory is a theory that is
implicated in many other theories which
Lies Beneath many other theories